Added support for more parameters in mod.conf (#13230)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

* `release`: Ignore this: Should only ever be set by ContentDB, as it is an
             internal ID used to track versions.
* `title`: A human-readable title to address the mod.

> * `website`: The mod's website
> * `license`: The mods license, should be a SPDX identifiers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `website`: The mod's website. It must start with either "http://" or "https://"
             in order to be displayed.
* `license`: The mod's license. It should be an SPDX identifier if possible.
             See https://spdx.org/licenses/
```
